README.md, before:

# Web Application Exercise

A little exercise to build a web application following an agile development process. See the [instructions](instructions.md) for more detail.

## Product vision statement

See instructions. Delete this line and place the Product Vision Statement here.

## User stories

See instructions. Delete this line and place a link to the user stories here.
As a developer or gallery administrator, I want all artwork data to be securely stored and retrieved from MongoDB, so that information is not lost between sessions and can scale with user traffic.
As a collector, I want to filter artworks by year created or artistic medium, so that I can explore specific time periods or styles.
As a gallery administrator, I want to log in securely before adding or editing artworks, so that only authorized users can modify the collection.



## Steps necessary to run the software

See instructions. Delete this line and place instructions to download, configure, and run the software here.

## Task boards

See instructions. Delete this line and place a link to the task boards here.

Commit message:

User Stories: Artfolio mobile art gallery web application

README.md, after:

# Web Application Exercise

A little exercise to build a web application following an agile development process. See the [instructions](instructions.md) for more detail.

## Product vision statement

See instructions. Delete this line and place the Product Vision Statement here.
A simple, mobile-friendly web app that allows users to browse, add, edit, and manage art collections while exploring artists and their works.

## User stories

See instructions. Delete this line and place a link to the user stories here.
- As a developer or gallery administrator, I want all artwork data to be securely stored and retrieved from MongoDB, so that information is not lost between sessions and can scale with user traffic.
- As a collector, I want to filter artworks by year created or artistic medium, so that I can explore specific time periods or styles.
- As a gallery administrator, I want to log in securely before adding or editing artworks, so that only authorized users can modify the collection.
- As a visitor, I want to browse all artworks in the gallery so I can discover new art
- As a visitor, I want to search for specific artworks, artists, or styles
- As an administrator, I want to add new artworks with complete details including images, prices, and descriptions
- As an administrator, I want to edit existing artwork information to keep the gallery up to date
- As an administrator, I want to delete artworks that are no longer available




## Steps necessary to run the software

See instructions. Delete this line and place instructions to download, configure, and run the software here.

## Task boards

See instructions. Delete this line and place a link to the task boards here.
